README.md, before:

[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/fomightez/pro-origami-binder/HEAD?urlpath=%2Flab%2Ftree%2Fproorigami-cde-package%2Fcde-root%2Fhome%2Fproorigami%2Fpro-origami_demo_use.ipynb)


# pro-origami-binder
Alex Stivala & colleagues' Pro-origami software for making protein structure topology wiring diagrams bundled up for use via MyBinder-served Jupyter sessions.

Click on the 'launch binder' badge to get started using the software on a temporary remote system **witout any installation**, login, or touching your own system.

---------------

Attribution
----------

***Clarifying Software Attribution: I, Wayne, am not involved in the Pro-origami software at all. Those listed at the resources below are the developers and distributors of Pro-origami. See their materials. I simply set up this repository to make the software useable on the command line reproducibly without installation headaches.***
Please see [the current offical page on ](https://sites.google.com/site/alexdstivala/home/pro-origami) for more information about Pro-origami.  

The [authors request](https://sites.google.com/site/alexdstivala/home/pro-origami#h.qnt5tp4u8fpz) users cite:

Dwyer, T., Marriott, K., Wybrow, M. (2009). Dunnart: A Constraint-Based Network Diagram Authoring Tool. In: Tollis, I.G., Patrignani, M. (eds) Graph Drawing. GD 2008. Lecture Notes in Computer Science, vol 5417, pp. 420-431. Springer, Berlin, Heidelberg. [doi:10.1007/978-3-642-00219-9_41](https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-00219-9_41) 


Stivala, A., Wybrow, M., Wirth, A., Whisstock, J. C., & Stuckey, P. J. (2011). Automatic generation of protein structure cartoons with Pro-origami. Bioinformatics, 27(23), 3315-3316. [doi:10.1093/bioinformatics/btr575](http://dx.doi.org/10.1093/bioinformatics/btr575)

Commit message:

add note about sometimes glitchy

README.md, after:

[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/fomightez/pro-origami-binder/HEAD?urlpath=%2Flab%2Ftree%2Fproorigami-cde-package%2Fcde-root%2Fhome%2Fproorigami%2Fpro-origami_demo_use.ipynb)


# pro-origami-binder
Alex Stivala & colleagues' Pro-origami software for making protein structure topology wiring diagrams bundled up for use via MyBinder-served Jupyter sessions.

Click on the 'launch binder' badge to get started using the software on a temporary remote system **witout any installation**, login, or touching your own system.

**NOTE OF CAUTION**: I have seen it be a little tempermental in that it will sometimes glitch out while making the diagram and say `KeyboardInterrupt` and not let you do anything in the session again. It is not consistent at all, however, don't be shocked if it does it. Just start a new session and try again. It most often happens while running the last round of making diagrams where it processes all the rest of them. And yet as it is inconsistent, it sometimes happens in early diagram making attempts. **END OF NOTE OF CAUTION**

---------------

Attribution
----------

***Clarifying Software Attribution: I, Wayne, am not involved in the Pro-origami software at all. Those listed at the resources below are the developers and distributors of Pro-origami. See their materials. I simply set up this repository to make the software useable on the command line reproducibly without installation headaches.***
Please see [the current offical page on ](https://sites.google.com/site/alexdstivala/home/pro-origami) for more information about Pro-origami.  

The [authors request](https://sites.google.com/site/alexdstivala/home/pro-origami#h.qnt5tp4u8fpz) users cite:

Dwyer, T., Marriott, K., Wybrow, M. (2009). Dunnart: A Constraint-Based Network Diagram Authoring Tool. In: Tollis, I.G., Patrignani, M. (eds) Graph Drawing. GD 2008. Lecture Notes in Computer Science, vol 5417, pp. 420-431. Springer, Berlin, Heidelberg. [doi:10.1007/978-3-642-00219-9_41](https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-00219-9_41) 


Stivala, A., Wybrow, M., Wirth, A., Whisstock, J. C., & Stuckey, P. J. (2011). Automatic generation of protein structure cartoons with Pro-origami. Bioinformatics, 27(23), 3315-3316. [doi:10.1093/bioinformatics/btr575](http://dx.doi.org/10.1093/bioinformatics/btr575)
